core term links and capitalization - events reference (#1362)
temporalio/documentation: docs/references/events.md

| initiator                                                                    | Allows the Workflow to continue as a new Workflow Execution.                                                                                             |
| continued_failure                                                            | Serialized result of a failure.                                                                                                                          |
| last_completion_result                                                       | Information from the previously completed [Task](/concepts/what-is-a-task), if applicable.                                                               |
| original_execution_run_id                                                    | The [Run Id](/concepts/what-is-a-run-id) of the original Workflow started.                                                                               |
| identity                                                                     | Id of the [Worker](/concepts/what-is-a-worker) that requested the start of this Workflow.                                                                |

> | first_execution_run_id                                                       | The first Run Id, along the chain of [ContinueAsNew](/concepts/what-is-continue-as-new) and Reset.                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| first_execution_run_id                                                       | The first [Run Id](/concepts/what-is-a-run-id), along the chain of [Continue-As-New](/concepts/what-is-continue-as-new) Runs and Reset.                                                       |
```

| [retry_policy](/concepts/what-is-a-retry-policy)                             | The amount of retries as determined by the service's dynamic configuration. Retries will happen until 'schedule_to_close_timeout' is reached.            |
| attempt                                                                      | The number of attempts that have been made to complete this Task.                                                                                        |

> | workflow_execution_expiration_time                                           | The absolute time at which the Workflow will be [timed out](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution-timeout).                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| workflow_execution_expiration_time                                           | The absolute time at which the Workflow Execution will [time out](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution-timeout).                                             |
```

| header                                                                       | Information passed by the sender of the [Signal](/concepts/what-is-a-signal) that is copied into the [Workflow Task](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-task). |

### WorkflowExecutionCompleted

This indicates that the [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution) has successfully completed. The [Event](/concepts/what-is-an-event) contains Workflow Execution results.

| Field                            | Description                                                                                     |
| -------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| result                           | Serialized result of completed [Workflow](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow).                        |
| workflow_task_completed_event_id | The Id of the [WorkflowTaskCompleted](#workflowtaskcompleted) that the Event was reported with. |

> | new_execution_run_id             | The [Run Id](/concepts/what-is-a-run-id) of the new Workflow started by Cron.                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| new_execution_run_id             | The [Run Id](/concepts/what-is-a-run-id) of the new Workflow Execution started as a result of a [Cron Schedule](/concepts/what-is-a-temporal-cron-job).                   |
```

| initiator                                                                    | Allows the Workflow to continue as a new Workflow Execution.                                                                                    |
| continued_failure                                                            | Serialized result of a failure.                                                                                                                 |
| last_completion_result                                                       | Information from the previously completed Task, if applicable.                                                                                  |
| original_execution_run_id                                                    | The [Run Id](/concepts/what-is-a-run-id) of the original Workflow started.                                                                      |
| identity                                                                     | Id of the Worker that requested the start of this Workflow.                                                                                     |

> | first_execution_run_id                                                       | The first Run Id, along the chain of ContinueAsNew and Reset.                                                                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| first_execution_run_id                                                       | The first Run Id, along the chain of Continue-As-New and Reset.                                                                                 |
```

| -------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| result                           | Serialized result of completed Workflow.                                                        |
| workflow_task_completed_event_id | The Id of the [WorkflowTaskCompleted](#workflowtaskcompleted) that the Event was reported with. |

> | new_execution_run_id             | The [Run Id](/concepts/what-is-a-run-id) of the new Workflow started by Cron.                   |

Reviewer 2: Despite the terms Cron Job and Cron Schedule, when we refer to cron by itself, the styling is lowercase—I think. @flossypurse, concur or disagree?

Reviewer: Sure, but I don't know of when we would use it generically - 
It is either Temporal Cron Job, or Cron Schedule I think.

| failure                          | Serialized result of a Workflow failure.                                                                                          |
| retry_state                      | The reason provided for whether the Task should or shouldn't be retried.                                                          |
| workflow_task_completed_event_id | The [Run Id](/concepts/what-is-a-run-id) of the [WorkflowTaskCompleted](#workflowtaskcompleted) that the Event was reported with. |

> | new_execution_run_id             | The [Run Id](/concepts/what-is-a-run-id) of the new Workflow started by Cron or Retry.                                            |

Reviewer 2: See discussion about cron on line 53.

Author: I did this to get organized. I'm still working on it

Reviewer 2: Ah. I jumped the gun. Back to the starting line with me.

Author: okay, all good now
